Add meta description to some pages (#3794)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/agents/remote-upgrading/upgrading-agent.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.
.. meta::

>   :description: Check out this use case on how to update an agent remotely with Wazuh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to upgrade a Wazuh agent remotely using the command line or the RESTful API. 
```
